Tableau Guide (#703)
duckdb/duckdb-web: docs/guides/data_viewers/tableau.md

The data sets do not actually need to be imported into DuckDB tables;
it suffices to create views of the data.
For example, this will create a view of the `h2oai` parquet test file in the current DuckDB code base:

```sql
CREATE VIEW h2oai AS (
    FROM read_parquet('/Users/username/duckdb/data/parquet-testing/h2oai/h2oai_group_small.parquet')
);
```

Note that you should use full path names to local files so that they can be found from inside Tableau.
Also note that you will need to use a version of the driver that is compatible (i.e., from the same release) 
as the database format you are using.

# Connecting Tableau Desktop to DuckDB

Tableau provides documentation on how to [install a JDBC driver](https://help.tableau.com/current/pro/desktop/en-us/jdbc_tableau.htm) for Tableau to use.
Note that Tableau needs to be restarted any time you add or modify drivers.

## MacOS

As of this writing, the MacOS DuckDB ODBC Driver seems to crash 
the Tableau Protocol Server (a sub-process used to isolate drivers from the main application).
This means you should use the JDBC driver for now.

### Install the DuckDB JDBC Driver:

> 1. [Download](https://github.com/duckdb/duckdb/releases/download/v0.7.1/duckdb_jdbc-osx-universal.jar) the DuckDB JDBC driver. This is a file called `duckdb_jdbc-osx-universal.jar`. Make sure this is from the same build as the version of DuckDB used to create the database file!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Download](https://github.com/duckdb/duckdb/releases/download/{{ site.currentduckdbversion }}/duckdb_jdbc-osx-universal.jar) the DuckDB JDBC driver. This is a file called `duckdb_jdbc-osx-universal.jar`. Make sure this is from the same build as the version of DuckDB used to create the database file!
```
